Psalm 30:5 a psalm of David plead my
Psalm 30:5 a psalm of David plead my cause
cause
cause o Lord with those who strive with me
o Lord with those who strive with me
o Lord with those who strive with me fight against those who fight against me
fight against those who fight against me
fight against those who fight against me take hold of shield and buckler and
take hold of shield and buckler and
take hold of shield and buckler and stand up for my help also draw out the
stand up for my help also draw out the
stand up for my help also draw out the spear and stop those who pursue me say
spear and stop those who pursue me say
spear and stop those who pursue me say to my soul I am your salvation but those
to my soul I am your salvation but those
to my soul I am your salvation but those be put to shame and brought to dishonor
be put to shame and brought to dishonor
be put to shame and brought to dishonor who seek after my life let those be
who seek after my life let those be
who seek after my life let those be turned back and brought to confusion who
turned back and brought to confusion who
turned back and brought to confusion who plot my hurt
plot my hurt
plot my hurt let them be like chaff before the wind
let them be like chaff before the wind
let them be like chaff before the wind and let the angel of the Lord chase them
and let the angel of the Lord chase them
and let the angel of the Lord chase them let their way be dark and slippery and
let their way be dark and slippery and
let their way be dark and slippery and let the angel of the Lord pursue them
let the angel of the Lord pursue them
let the angel of the Lord pursue them from without cause they have hidden
from without cause they have hidden
from without cause they have hidden their net from me in a pit which they
their net from me in a pit which they
their net from me in a pit which they have dug without cause for my life let
have dug without cause for my life let
have dug without cause for my life let destruction come upon him unexpectedly
destruction come upon him unexpectedly
destruction come upon him unexpectedly and let his net that he has hidden catch
and let his net that he has hidden catch
and let his net that he has hidden catch himself into that very destruction let
himself into that very destruction let
himself into that very destruction let him fall and my soul shall be joyful in
him fall and my soul shall be joyful in
him fall and my soul shall be joyful in the Lord it shall rejoice in his
the Lord it shall rejoice in his
the Lord it shall rejoice in his salvation all my bones shall say Lord
salvation all my bones shall say Lord
salvation all my bones shall say Lord who is like you delivering the poor from
who is like you delivering the poor from
who is like you delivering the poor from him who is too strong for him yes the
him who is too strong for him yes the
him who is too strong for him yes the poor and the needy from him who plunders
poor and the needy from him who plunders
poor and the needy from him who plunders him fierce witnesses rise up they ask me
him fierce witnesses rise up they ask me
him fierce witnesses rise up they ask me things that I do not know they reward me
things that I do not know they reward me
things that I do not know they reward me evil for good - the sorrow of my soul
evil for good - the sorrow of my soul
evil for good - the sorrow of my soul but as for me when they were sick my
but as for me when they were sick my
but as for me when they were sick my clothing was sackcloth I humbled myself
clothing was sackcloth I humbled myself
clothing was sackcloth I humbled myself with fasting and my prayer would return
with fasting and my prayer would return
with fasting and my prayer would return to my own heart
to my own heart
to my own heart I paced about as though he were my
I paced about as though he were my
I paced about as though he were my friend or brother I bowed down heavily
friend or brother I bowed down heavily
friend or brother I bowed down heavily as one who mourns for his mother but in
as one who mourns for his mother but in
as one who mourns for his mother but in my adversity they rejoiced and gathered
my adversity they rejoiced and gathered
my adversity they rejoiced and gathered together attackers gathered against me
together attackers gathered against me
together attackers gathered against me and I did not know it they tore at me
and I did not know it they tore at me
and I did not know it they tore at me and did not cease with ungodly markers
and did not cease with ungodly markers
and did not cease with ungodly markers at feasts they gnashed at me with their
at feasts they gnashed at me with their
at feasts they gnashed at me with their teeth Lord how long will you look on
teeth Lord how long will you look on
teeth Lord how long will you look on rescue me from their destructions my
rescue me from their destructions my
rescue me from their destructions my precious life from the Lions I will give
precious life from the Lions I will give
precious life from the Lions I will give you thanks in the great assembly I will
you thanks in the great assembly I will
you thanks in the great assembly I will praise you among many people let them
praise you among many people let them
praise you among many people let them not rejoice over me who are wrongfully
not rejoice over me who are wrongfully
not rejoice over me who are wrongfully my enemies nor let them wink with the
my enemies nor let them wink with the
my enemies nor let them wink with the eye who hate me without a cause for they
eye who hate me without a cause for they
eye who hate me without a cause for they do not speak peace but they devise
do not speak peace but they devise
do not speak peace but they devise deceitful matters against the quiet ones
deceitful matters against the quiet ones
deceitful matters against the quiet ones in the land they also opened their
in the land they also opened their
in the land they also opened their mouths wide against me and said aha aha
mouths wide against me and said aha aha
mouths wide against me and said aha aha our eyes have seen it this you have seen
our eyes have seen it this you have seen
our eyes have seen it this you have seen our Lord do not keep silence o Lord do
our Lord do not keep silence o Lord do
our Lord do not keep silence o Lord do not be far from me stir up yourself and
not be far from me stir up yourself and
not be far from me stir up yourself and awake to my vindication to my cause my
awake to my vindication to my cause my
awake to my vindication to my cause my god and my lord vindicate me O Lord my
god and my lord vindicate me O Lord my
god and my lord vindicate me O Lord my God according to your righteousness and
God according to your righteousness and
God according to your righteousness and let them not rejoice over me let them
let them not rejoice over me let them
let them not rejoice over me let them not say in their hearts ah so we would
not say in their hearts ah so we would
not say in their hearts ah so we would have it let them not say we have
have it let them not say we have
have it let them not say we have swallowed him up let them be ashamed and
swallowed him up let them be ashamed and
swallowed him up let them be ashamed and brought to mutual confusion who rejoice
brought to mutual confusion who rejoice
brought to mutual confusion who rejoice at my heart let them be clothed with
at my heart let them be clothed with
at my heart let them be clothed with shame and dishonor who exalt themselves
shame and dishonor who exalt themselves
shame and dishonor who exalt themselves against me let them shout for joy and be
against me let them shout for joy and be
against me let them shout for joy and be glad who favored my righteous cause and
glad who favored my righteous cause and
glad who favored my righteous cause and let them say continually let the Lord be
let them say continually let the Lord be
let them say continually let the Lord be magnified who has pleasure in the
magnified who has pleasure in the
magnified who has pleasure in the prosperity of his servant and my tongue
prosperity of his servant and my tongue
prosperity of his servant and my tongue shall speak of your righteousness
shall speak of your righteousness
shall speak of your righteousness and of your praise all the day long
and of your praise all the day long
and of your praise all the day long [Music]